# Quick Blood Donors' Search

This project is built to bridge the connection between the blood donors and a blood seeker. This is obviously not a perfect system to make the blood donation quicker and easier, but the developer believes it could be an inspiration for the others to think for the noble development of a better and more optimized solution. This project is built on <strong>React</strong> library with <strong>Javascript</strong>, and <strong>Vite</strong>. This project is not deployed anywhere, rather it is hosted on <strong>Vercel</strong>. The developer's aim was not integrate any complex technology in it, rather to structure an easily visible, minimum and fast interface, needing the patients and blood seekers just to get access to the information, and this project can be easily immitate to build another 'no cloud' blood donors' search system for other local blood networks as well. No animation is utilized here to impart fast and simple user intercation. In fact the developer here will copy the same codes to regenerate the same interface for other local blood networks as well.

However, this particular interface is for <strong>Badhon - Narsingdi Govt. College</strong> blood donors' network. The author is providing an open consent to copy, modify and publish this code to upgrade or generate a similar project for the sake of the huminity and civilization.

This project simply uses a google form to collect data from the respected blood donors. A google spreadsheet reserves all the data. When a user makes a query in the webpage, corresponding data is rendered to his interface from the google spreadsheet.